Retire Duplicate Documentation (#4341)
dotnet/diagnostics: documentation/tutorial/installing_the_diagnostics_tools.md

> The newest documentation is now maintained at [dotnet-trace](https://github.com/dotnet/docs/blob/a201d22d8c33fcb77af093edb96d0fe669e0e491/docs/core/diagnostics/dotnet-trace.md), [dotnet-counters](https://github.com/dotnet/docs/blob/a201d22d8c33fcb77af093edb96d0fe669e0e491/docs/core/diagnostics/dotnet-trace.md), [dotnet-dump](https://github.com/dotnet/docs/blob/a201d22d8c33fcb77af093edb96d0fe669e0e491/docs/core/diagnostics/dotnet-dump.md), [dotnet-gcdump](https://github.com/dotnet/docs/blob/a201d22d8c33fcb77af093edb96d0fe669e0e491/docs/core/diagnostics/dotnet-gcdump.md), [dotnet-dsrouter](https://github.com/dotnet/docs/blob/a201d22d8c33fcb77af093edb96d0fe669e0e491/docs/core/diagnostics/dotnet-dsrouter.md), [dotnet-monitor](https://github.com/dotnet/docs/blob/a201d22d8c33fcb77af093edb96d0fe669e0e491/docs/core/diagnostics/dotnet-monitor.md), [dotnet-symbol](https://github.com/dotnet/docs/blob/a201d22d8c33fcb77af093edb96d0fe669e0e491/docs/core/diagnostics/dotnet-symbol.md), [dotnet-sos](https://github.com/dotnet/docs/blob/a201d22d8c33fcb77af093edb96d0fe669e0e491/docs/core/diagnostics/dotnet-sos.md). This documentation is no longer being updated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The newest documentation is now maintained at [dotnet-trace](https://learn.microsoft.com/dotnet/core/diagnostics/dotnet-trace), [dotnet-counters](https://learn.microsoft.com/dotnet/core/diagnostics/dotnet-counters), [dotnet-dump](https://learn.microsoft.com/dotnet/core/diagnostics/dotnet-dump), [dotnet-gcdump](https://learn.microsoft.com/dotnet/core/diagnostics/dotnet-gcdump), [dotnet-dsrouter](https://learn.microsoft.com/dotnet/core/diagnostics/dotnet-dsrouter), [dotnet-monitor](https://learn.microsoft.com/dotnet/core/diagnostics/dotnet-monitor), [dotnet-symbol](https://learn.microsoft.com/dotnet/core/diagnostics/dotnet-symbol), [dotnet-sos](https://learn.microsoft.com/dotnet/core/diagnostics/dotnet-sos). This documentation is no longer being updated.
```
